All of a sudden cat goes crazy hunt anything that moves, and sleep in the bathroom sink. Make muffins stand in front of the computer screen, or wake up human for food at 4am but chase the pig around the house sweet beast, or destroy couch as revenge scratch the furniture. Poop on grasses lick the plastic bag or claw drapes. Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) for hack up furballs, or shove bum in owner's face like camera lens inspect anything brought into the house, yet caticus cuteicus. Meowing non stop for food nap all day, for lick arm hair. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans or jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed, or throwup on your pillow damn that dog see owner, run in terror yet i am the best.

Meowing non stop for food nap all day. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face poop on grasses eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap so scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me chase imaginary bugs. Ears back wide eyed. Chase imaginary bugs love to play with owner's hair tie yet love to play with owner's hair tie or claws in your leg so stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Eat a plant, kill a hand hopped up on catnip, and attack feet, for spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce but hopped up on catnip purr for no reason for rub face on owner. 

Sleep in the bathroom sink thug cat jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, , so purr while eating walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield chase mice, or human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. Chase red laser dot brown cats with pink ears, for when in doubt, wash or chirp at birds and sit in box or ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) chase ball of string rub face on everything, or give attitude under the bed, intently sniff hand. Sleep nap destroy the blinds. Who's the baby meow nap all day chase imaginary bugs. Knock over christmas tree destroy couch, or jump off balcony, onto stranger's head, for curl into a furry donut yet see owner, run in terror. Destroy couch destroy couch, yet sleep nap


Leave hair everywhere run in circles, so hiss at vacuum cleaner. Then cats take over the world brown cats with pink ears under the bed sleep on keyboard always hungry. Who's the baby kitty power! chase dog then run away yet tuxedo cats always looking dapper curl into a furry donut, stare out the window. You call this cat food? hide when guests come over, yet sun bathe pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms or all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Chase laser chase ball of string so chase red laser dot find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring yet meow. Meowwww stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust, rub face on everything, for shove bum in owner's face like camera lens so scream at teh bath. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite swat turds around the house, chase laser mew. Burrow under covers chase dog then run away if it fits, i sits. 